Hey,
what's going on is bill burn?
It's time for the money.
Uh,
I know what it is.
No Hall.
It's the Thursday afternoon,
just before Friday.
Monday morning podcast
and awe.
Just checking in audio.
Sorry,
I'm saving my voice.
I fucked up my voice a couple of months ago and I've just ignored it and now I
am time,
throat coding,
teeing.
Um,
I got some halls sucking on the halls there.
Dude.
It's still fucking metal lip.
This would have been fucking says on the thing.
Hauls Mental Lippolis mental lip.
This Eucalyptus,
I don't know.
Take a steam.
You,
what you need to do via voice is you need to stop talking.
You need to drink some condensed milk.
It's like 20 people right now.
What could does milk a little,
she calls Flim.
Shut the fuck up.
You never went to medical school.
Okay.
All you did was drink a glass of milk.
Stop talking like you're a fucking veterinarian.
Ah,
you know,
I didn't want to be in a mood like this.
Um,
all right,
so Billy,
no fun.
Now I've cried wolf for about three weeks right now,
talking about how I was going to get my act together,
right.
And I was gonna,
I was gonna start working clean on stage.
I was going to,
uh,
you know,
get my relationship with Christ going again.
Now I'm talking to that guy and fuck fucking forever.
We had a big falling out.
I mean,
that guy,
you know,
and I still feel like he owes me the apology.
I'm waiting for him to call,
you know,
wait for him to reach out.
But,
uh,
you know,
I can see that he's being a big baby about it.
So evidently,
you know,
I'm going to have to be the bigger man,
I'm going to have to reach out.
Jesus,
if you could,
could you help me avoid the demon of the booze?
Um,
no,
I was good.
This,
this is how,
this is how much I've been eating and drinking like a fucking asshole.
I just shut everything down Sunday night and I lost four pounds this week,
you know,
just fucking,
and I even got hammered one night.
I was doing so well,
dude,
the 4th of July.
Hi,
happy birthday,
dear United States of America.
Happy Birthday,
Happy Birthdays.
Defenders of free
d
you live in on goop and we wanted Kay.
Oh Jesus.
Anyways,
on July 4th,
you know how many Burgers I had?
Zero.
How many hot dogs?
I had.
Zero.
You know how much alcohol I had zero until a couple came over.
I'm French.
You know,
they brought their kids over,
you know,
they had a little one.
Then they had one that was like seven,
eight years old.
He was a riot telling me knock knock jokes.
He was killing me,
killing me.
It's delivery was outstanding.
He was making up his own knock knock jokes,
but just the way he would do the deliver the punchline,
he'd be like,
um,
okay.
I got one,
I got one.
He was just making them up on the spot.
He'd be like,
knock,
knock.
I'd be like,
who's there?
And He'd be like,
Liz,
I be like Liz,
who when?
It'd be like Liz to my music.
Yeah,
I mean,
you come up with one on the spot,
those are easy.
Um,
anyways,
so we ended up having an,
I had a great time,
but uh,
you know,
the guy brought over some beers,
so I'm like,
yeah,
these are cold.
I got a couple of cores,
the cores,
like keying on the little grenade fucking bottles in the back.
I'm like,
I'll have one.
So I have one,
they're only here for an hour.
Right.
But what did I do?
I sprinkled a little fairy dust on the demon in me and then the demon woke up
on,
so like walk over to your borrower record,
shipped a cooler.
And I did,
you know,
big fucking square ice cube,
nice home poor.
And the bottle was almost empty.
So I'm like,
well I gotta have another one and finish that one.
Nope.
Long story short,
one and a half of those plus the fucking cores and I'm downstairs in my bed
talking gibberish to my wife.
Fudge.
My one point,
she just goes,
what?
And I was like,
all right,
time to go to bed.
So I had one minor slip up.
You know what have,
I think if you just did heroin once a week,
that wouldn't be bad.
Right.
If you just did once,
you know,
maybe on the weekends he would want to be nodding off at work and if I be bad,
that'd be hilarious.
If you just stuck to your guns
and be like,
yeah,
four out of five days,
I'm fucking on it.
One fucking day.
I come in here with track marks,
nod off of my cubicle and all of a sudden,
oh,
we need to have a meeting.
Okay,
that's an 80% it's a B minus.
Tell me your parents would ground you over a B minus.
They just say,
get your grades up.
If this is a get your grades up conversation,
then I'm all about it,
but if you're going to start saying that you're going to fire me,
you're going to fire me over a B minus or a B minus.
Okay.
I'll get a fucking lawyer.
I'll sue the shit out of you.
Yeah,
your honor.
My client was only doing heroin once a week.
Okay.
It was,
it was the middle of the week.
It was a Wednesday.
Okay.
Yuki came in,
he crushed it on Monday and Tuesday.
Wednesday.
Admittedly he wasn't worth anything but Thursday and Friday,
right.
Finish strong.
If we could equate this to way sports analogy,
he uh,
you know,
uh,
what uh,
did,
uh,
when o for and the
beginning of the third quarter.
But anyway,
he came out with a victory.
Sorry.
Um,
anyways.
Yes sir.
I lost four pounds his fucking week and um,
I think I'm back on it.
I,
you know what,
I have an acting gig coming up so I got to get down to my fighting weight.
Is Bob Pogo?
Um,
yes.
Dave Kepner is Bob.
Pogo says my fighting weight is a one 72,
so I can drop three a week.
It's in two weeks,
so I'll be down to like one 74,
three,
four,
something like that.
And then I'll just fucking wean the next two off while I do the shoot.
Now you go,
that's how it's done.
All right.
Oh,
you fat actresses out there.
Fucking bitch.
More than a complete,
oh,
it's so easy for a fucking guy.
We got our fighting weight too.
You know,
so sick of that fucking myth that they put out.
A guy can look however he wants.
Now,
if you're a fat fuck,
you're going to play a fat fuck as a guy,
okay?
It's just just what it is.
You're going to play a fat fuck in.
The jokes are going to be that you're a fat fuck,
okay?
You're going to be doing it.
Chip and Dales dance with no shirt on.
You're going to be breaking Claffey tables.
You'll be living in a van down by the river.
You're going to be a mall cop that tries to slide behind a pole but doesn't
quite make it because of the shape he's in.
Okay?
I don't know what fucking movies you're watching.
Um,
and then the whole thing where they sit there and they go,
oh,
you know,
I'm so sick of seeing these movies where there's these guys in these,
these women,
you know,
the,
with women half of their fucking age.
Well,
you know what that is,
is because you haven't traveled to where the money is.
Go Down to Miami,
you know,
get out of it.
The ugly parts of the world,
like De Moines,
Iowa.
Okay,
well come on.
You know,
you're ugly and if you're not ugly,
you're fucking planning an escape.
All the hot chicks move out at de Moines.
Where do they go?
Cash.
Cheyenne,
Wyoming.
Uh,
yeah.
And then they meet some hot guy from Greeley and next scene.
Other than Denver growing some wheat.
Greeley,
we're having a bad smell day
anyways.
You know,
a friend of mine was just talking recently about this,
this farm that they have,
uh,
they sponsored this farm summer somewhere out in England and they,
um,
they don't kill the cows when they stopped producing milk.
They just let them kind of just get old.
It's really cool.
It's like a cool farm man.
They milked the cows by hand.
I think all farms should do that.
You know,
all farms should do that.
And if there's,
you know,
if they can't keep up with the milk supply demand that,
all that means is human beings will die.
And considering where the problem,
you know,
I say as long as it's not me or anyone that I love,
I'm all for it.
Here's
some really fucked up.
Environmentally,
I started watching baseball again.
I finally gave in,
I bought the MLB package.
I'm so,
I'm all set now.
I got the center rice,
I got the fucking,
what's this?
What's,
they always got some dumb name.
They can't just say the NHL.
He gets the center ice,
the court's sad flood and 50 yard line,
whatever they call them.
Right.
I got the Bruins to patriots,
Celtics and red.
So I got the whole fucking thing.
It was my cable.
It just automatically renews,
which I love.
I usually don't like when it automatically renews.
Like,
Hey,
hey,
I make the decision now.
I don't give a shit.
I'm just like,
all right,
fine,
whatever.
Whatever.
It's fine.
Don't worry about it.
Um,
so I've been watching,
uh,
I watched that ranger series.
I didn't realize how many Red Sox,
I didn't know.
Okay.
He's Mookie Betts and right
Bradley Jacob Jr or something like that.
Okay.
Bradley,
a,
a fucking Walmart Junior,
whatever the fuck his name is.
Milton Bradley.
What's his name?
Some Bradley Jr.
I Dunno.
Then you've got Andrew a mighty you bought on the fucking left.
Zanda Bogue Dustin Pedroia.
I don't know a lot of them.
Um,
anyway,
so I'm going to start watching them and watching the Yankees too.
Cause Aaron Jug.
Aaron Judge looks like a fucking myth,
doesn't he?
He looks like one of those fucking things when they talk about baseball in the
early 19 hundreds.
You don't need those giant fucking,
you know,
elephant Titus of the fucking hand gloves that they used to play with,
you know?
Okay.
Guy's fucking amazing.
I Dunno what's going on though,
but I,
I think baseball's numbers are down.
I think they do something whenever they,
whenever the fucking numbers go down,
I believe that they juice up the ball.
They got to do something.
I mean,
it's just all of a sudden,
out of nowhere,
everybody just starts cranking all these fucking home runs and this guy's on
pace to hit like 60.
Um,
okay.
But anyways,
I been not just sitting there recording the games were in Tampa tonight.
Right.
We started,
you know,
what happened was I went did that big papi roast and then I went to the game and
then I just got back into it.
I was like,
Oh yeah,
I fucking love this game.
I forgot about that.
Um,
and I think we went to a
Toronto,
that's where I went to Toronto,
won that series,
went to a,
yeah,
rangers.
Right?
Texas means this is what I want to stand.
This is what the fuck I was trying to get to was I'm watching the fucking Texas
Rangers.
They had that amazing ballpark.
I went there,
I sat up,
I sat in the outfield because I wanted to have the opportunity to run out on the
grass to try to get one of those home runs,
you know?
And um,
okay.
I've just found out that fucking ballpark.
It's not even 25 years old.
They're already,
they're already knocking it down.
Okay.
All that concrete,
all of that shit,
all of that fucking stuff.
Somebody please do a documentary and follow the dump trucks and just show up.
Where does that go?
What are they gonna do with all that fucking,
it's fine.
It's fucking fine.
Like,
well,
you know,
gets really hot out here in the summer and we need a fucking room.
It gets hot out here in the summer because of us.
We're a fucking plague.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
You already fucking Yag doll led shit out of the Goddamn ground.
Now you just going to throw it out.
You gotta throw it in the fucking ocean and build another one.
I don't know.
They're doing that in Atlanta.
Atlanta has a fucking ballpark.
That thing's not more than 25 years old now.
Like,
well,
you knew our fan base.
Each gs too far.
Right?
Damn.
Damn Udo.
Well Raylee
right.
They got to bring it out to where the white people are white people,
white people.
You don't have to do it.
I'm going to move it out to the where the white people are.
You know what the problem is?
Is Atlanta Braves fans fucking suck.
Okay.
They just,
they don't,
it's not even that they suck.
It's just they've had the ball yanked out from underneath them a Zillion fucking
times.
They got Charlie Brown.
Okay.
And then,
you know,
after that last fucking Superbowl,
if you think these,
these,
these fucking,
I mean,
if I was the president,
I would declare Atlanta a fucking disaster area.
If I was in Georgia.
All right?
I would just watch college sports.
Ibm,
them,
Georgia bulldogs.
That's what I would do.
Georgia tech,
university of Georgia.
I love [inaudible].
I'm,
and I didn't want o go to come over and just slobbering my fucking hand.
I'll go home and Jericho up to the Vlog and Georgia bulldogs.
Um,
I would go,
that's disgusting.
I will fucking,
I would be into that shit.
So evidently they feel that not enough black people come out.
I have no idea.
This is just what people from Atlanta told me.
They don't feel enough black people come out or white people are too afraid to
drive their Chrysler town and country countries and as she loves into the
greater Atlanta area,
um,
to go to a fucking baseball game.
I have no idea.
So they're just abandoning that fucking major league ballpark that some like
college team is now going to play their baseball games and it's fucking
ridiculous.
And then they're going to build another one.
MMM.
I don't know.
I think you should have to be in a ballpark for at least 50 fucking years,
right?
Yeah.
I,
I'll be honest with you.
I couldn't believe how old those were.
I thought they made those in like in the year 2000.
I thought they made them 2000 to meet him like 94 or something like that.
So,
um,
I dunno.
Who Cares?
You know who gives a fuck?
Just keep yanking the shit out of the fucking ground building.
Shit.
Rip It down and throw it in the ocean.
Okay.
And then blame people with red ties or blue Tyson.
Then we'll just continue doing,
what the fuck would this depressing bill.
This is fucking depressing.
All right.
How about some good news?
I have some of the best news I've gotten in a long time.
A long time.
All right.
You're ready for this.
The Indianapolis Colts got caught.
Cheating.
Got caught cheating again.
Okay.
It's fucking on.
It's,
it's hilarious.
It's fucking hilarious.
How many of these fucking things that these guys do and how little attention
those clients at ESPN pay attention to the ship,
the level of fucking focus on spy gate,
the flight gate,
all of this fucking shit.
They're not even going to do a story on ESPN like,
Hey,
wait a minute.
We spent two and a half years on fucking deflate gate because the owner of a
team that's gotten caught pumping and crowd noise,
fucking haven't hearing aids now I guess in the helmets because Peyton manning
was an or new quarterback and hadn't mastered the silent count.
The dude who caught the underinflated fucking ball got busted doing roids.
Okay.
They stole our fucking offense.
I mean did they?
Yeah,
they get it.
They're owners sat on the competition committee.
It changes the rules of passing to tip it in his favorite so they could beat the
Patriots.
It's fucking unbelief.
This is a thing.
I'm not mad at any of that.
Okay.
Do you like does that make Indian it does that really make them win the fucking
game?
Cause they have hearing aids and they're fucking helmets.
I think that's fucking hilarious.
All right.
And I think it's the job of the league to try to catch those people doing it.
And when people get caught,
I just laugh.
Yeah.
Corked bats.
All of that Shit's funny.
Steroids is the one thing.
Steroids,
that's the one for me that I feel that's the biggest thing.
You know,
pumping in crowd noise,
hearing aids,
taking a cons.
Hair where the air out of a ball trying to steal signs.
Jesus Christ.
Everybody fucking,
but that shit's hilarious to me.
And those are some of the best stories that you hear.
Yeah.
When you listen to a pro athletes,
half their fucking funny stories are about guys cheating.
You send me time to ref.
Wait,
it's got to keep punching me in the boss.
I'm just like,
dude,
what the fuck?
By the third quarter,
my balls are the size of my fucking head.
So I turned around and I kick him in the nuts from behind.
I get his tank is fucking asshole.
Like every one of them,
you go to a banquet,
all of their fucking stories are about the shit that they did to each other when
the refs weren't looking.
Um,
my only one is steroids.
That's the only one I give a fuck about.
If you get caught using steroids,
just because that,
um,
you know,
and that doesn't make you throw the ball farther or see it better or get bad
speed or any of that shit.
It just keeps you feeling brand fucking new.
You're going up there like you got eight hours sleep,
like you never got tackled in your life.
Like you never got hit on the rib cage by a fast ball.
It just,
you like a fucking x man.
That's the one.
Um,
Dan,
I look at it like what the fuck?
But I also,
I also understand it.
I mean cause at least in football,
okay.
Like what those guys do to their bodies and what happens to their brains at the
very least.
I mean,
I think they ought to be able to heal up like x men.
I think they ought to be able to smoke weed.
You know,
at a state level so they don't get in trouble.
Um,
that's the only thing.
but this is the thing,
Colt.
I don't think Peyton Manning's a cheater.
I don't think the cults of fucking cheaters.
I think it's fucking hilarious that you got caught doing that just because your
owner is a cunt.
Okay.
He's such a fucking content.
I can't believe that ESPN is just gonna fucking ignore this story.
Yeah,
they're just ignoring the thing.
Quick little blurb.
Bing,
Bang,
boom.
Done.
See you later.
Okay.
There's no,
Hey,
wait a minute.
Okay.
The whole time this guy was saying by the,
bear me while he's doing this,
I mean,
Jesus Christ,
ESPN has dog days of summer.
God knows you got to fill up some fucking airtime
as a patriots fan.
Can you at least have Bob Lee do some fucking outside the line?
Shit.
They won't do it.
They won't fucking do whatever.
What are you going to do?
I love it though.
I love it because to this day I still get shit when I was up in,
um,
when I was up in Porchester fucking giant fans,
giant fans who had former great giants talk about fucking cheating all the time,
all the shit that they do with like,
like this fucking Guy Jeremy Mercy
succeeded because he in his own way tainted.
Okay.
Uh,
the Patriots when they did absolutely nothing more than anybody else's fucking
dual,
which is basically
fucking grab as bullshit and they're acting like they're fucking,
yeah,
I dunno.
I Dunno.
I don't get it.
I don't fucking get it.
You know what?
I just Tom Brady,
he's just too good looking.
If Tom Brady look like Peyton Manning,
I'm telling you right now,
this will,
and we weren't winning championships.
It wouldn't be a fucking story,
but whatever.
All I know is I got another round of ammunition that I can put in the gun any
fucking time.
Anybody speaks up,
uh,
about the Patriots cheat?
Nah.
What do you think about the Indianapolis Colts?
Huh?
Hey,
how do you feel about the,
uh,
the Falcons or the,
the Vikings?
What do you think about those guys?
Uh,
what do you think about the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What do you think about the New York football giants?
What do you think about AI?
You don't think anything about that?
You know why?
Because Espn didn't tell you to think anything about it.
You fucking buffalo wild wings,
mouth breathe,
and five let it go below,
right area.
Anyways,
a buddy of mine was just brought up that Conor McGregor Mayweather fight again
and uh,
it was fucking hilarious.
He goes,
you don't think Mcgregor has a chance?
And I'm just like,
I think he's,
you know,
I told him I got him.
I think he's had an unbelievable disadvantage.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
He's like a,
he's like a fucking swimmer and a,
this is like a,
I don't know,
that's a bad analogy.
I don't know what it is.
I told you the analogy,
it's like fucking Tom Brady,
Jerry race at the height of their fucking careers.
Let's use a better football player by seeing who can throw the football further
and more accurate.
That's the only level of competition.
So this guy's gone.
You don't think he's got a chance.
He goes,
look at his boxing in this and he shows me a fucking MMA fight.
The guy throws like three punches and then a fly in fucking knee and takes the
guy to the ground.
It's just like,
dude,
that's not boxing.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
World class championship boxers could not lay a fucking glove on this guy.
These not going to be able to land a fucking,
I don't know.
He's an Atlanta glove on them.
Yeah.
The only change,
the only thing he has is if Mayweather,
I dunno,
in the last,
whenever the last time you fought was he just got old like Jordan between the
Bulls and the wizards.
Like he just had a noticeable fucking drop off and you can somehow rough the guy
up.
And I know Mayweather's hands are fucked up from all the years of fucking
punching guys in the head.
MMM.
Well maybe he can fucking somehow getting Mayweather his ego and to like,
you can talk enough shit that MMA is a superior sport
that may,
what is it?
Gonna wanna knock 'em out and maybe he comes in and do and for the first time in
his career does something stupid.
I just don't see it happen.
And um,
I said that I hate this fight cause I know I'm going to order it.
But um,
after the debate with him and watching him sending me an MMA clip to show me how
good this guy was at boxing,
yeah.
MMM.
I'm now,
but I don't think I'm going to order the fucking thing.
I'm gonna wait,
I'm gonna wait to people call me up and it in,
I mean wait for text of like,
Oh shit,
capital letters 10 I'll order it.
Or if they guy was a complete fucking waste of money,
then I'll just laugh at them.
I'll probably,
we'll order it,
I'm going to order it.
God Damn fucking Shit.
Yeah.
I'm going to give Mayweather another hundred,
you know,
but your fucking money,
that guy owes me.
Watch him fight Manny Pacquiao fucking 10 11 years after when he should have.
Although I actually,
I mean I thought that that guy was on something,
you know,
I know cause I'm not in the fight game.
Anytime a guy just keeps moving up in weight class and he just keeps getting
stronger.
I mean is,
is that possible?
I moved up in weight class.
I went up to him with you a buck 90.
I didn't get any faster.
Um,
anyways,
let's read some fucking advertising here.
Um,
and then I have to go into the writer's room for season three of F is for
family.
Oh boy,
another 10 episodes.
Um,
and I am being a fucking angel,
an angel as far as my eating in that writer's room.
Nothing.
Nothing will fuck you over like sitting in a goddamn writer's room.
You sitting on your ass all fucking day and his candy and chips and chips and
candy and pizza and fucking burgers and fries.
I mean,
it is,
it is.
It's fucking,
you might as well be sitting in a crack house.
Um,
this K,
here's my diet.
All right,
here at for me,
I feel like this works.
All right.
I have oatmeal,
third of a cup of oatmeal with a Bernina.
Right.
A little bit of milk in there to cool off the fucking,
the the fucking,
I don't know what it was in.
Fuck you guys with the steel cut oats.
I don't give a shit.
This works for me.
All right.
Then I have two eggs all week and that's it.
Right.
Then between lunch and breakfast,
I have an orange,
that's it.
And then for lunch I have some sad fucking salad with the protein,
no bread.
And then I just crush waters.
I leave around five,
I got to eat something else in the afternoon.
I don't know what.
And then I come home and I have a salad with a protein and I do a half hour of
cardio and a,
that's it.
The fat has nowhere to hide.
It's like a fucking roach when you turn the lights on it,
it's just phrases.
It doesn't know what to do.
And then it's dead.
That's it.
Um,
and I just have to,
what I have to do is I have to stick with this.
So I'm down to just under one ATM,
a buck 79 and change.
So this time next week I want when I'm in fucking grand rapids,
Michigan,
during my favorite fucking gigs in the country,
the Fountain Street fucking Church,
um,
I'm doing some fun gigs coming up by the way.
Uh,
I want to be one 76 next week is what I'm saying.
Um,
but uh,
I got a,
I'm playing that fucking venue,
that buddy Holly,
the big bopper and Ritchie Valens all played the night.
They died flying into the same fucking airport.
I know you guys are saying,
aw,
Geez,
Bell,
don't judge your work.
No,
no,
because we actually have de icing exists.
They did not have that right.
Legal Zoom,
everybody.
Now that kid is going to be like in a November,
right?
And it's not on sale yet as far as I know.
All right.
Legal Zoom in order to successfully run your own business attention to detail is
so critical.
One contract slip up,
one contract slip up or legal misunderstanding can really set you back.
Fortunately,
there's legal zoom.
You may already know that over a million,
billion,
billion Americans have used legal zoom to start their business,
but legal zoom services go well beyond business formation.
They built a nationwide network of independent attorneys who can provide legal
answers to the day to day questions you have about your business.
What the fuck is this man?
Because let's face it,
things like trade Max employment laws and lease agreements can get pretty
complicated,
so no waste.
Your valuable time trying to wrap you up.
Simple little head around,
all the fine print.
Use Legal Zoom for that so you can focus on growing your business.
Instead,
you'll get the legal help you need without being billed by the hour.
Since legalzoom isn't a law firm,
go to legalzoom.com today and be sure to enter code bur bur in the referral box
for special savings only@legalzoom.com oh look who's there.
But [inaudible] the cults used here in age.
They do do dude,
me,
Andy's me undies.
That ain't Gado raid.
They fucking cheated.
You're a bunch of cunts.
You got on me undies to take a dump and your balls feel good with your silent
count.
You fucking hypocritical.
Cons.
Five fuck and rings.
Go suck it.
All right me undies.
Oh Man,
I that's my money.
Been my favorite one ever.
Beyond these,
what's the first thing you put on and the last thing you take off?
Huh?
It's not your socks.
Your fucking Weirdo.
It's your underwear.
Make your most important piece of clothing the best it can be with me undies.
What is me undies?
You might've asked.
Oh,
just seriously soft.
Feel good undies delivered right to your door.
Me undies are designed in La and made from sustainably sourced that micro modal.
Modal,
a fabric three times softer than cotton.
You know what?
I think my stomach's three times softer than micro
me undies softer than soft.
Luxury undies comes in an ever changing selection of classic colors.
Bold shades.
What are classic colors?
Does that like your first box of crayons where you just have the eight colors,
bold shades and adventurous patterns.
So you can tailor your undies to your own personal style.
And guess what?
You can save time and money each month with a monthly subscription.
And if you're not ready for a subscription,
that's okay.
This is great monthly subscription.
You know,
you keep dressing up your junk in a different way.
It seems new to your wife,
right?
All of a sudden she's dropping to her knees,
putting her Edith Wharton book on the fucking nightstand going to town.
And guess what?
You can save time and money each month with a monthly subscription.
If you're not ready for a subscription,
that's okay.
You can still say,
that's because me undies is offering you 20% off your first pair.
Just use our special URL,
[inaudible] dot com slash burr and get 20% off your first pair.
So go revamp your underwear drawer.
You deserve it.
You did serving once again,
that's [inaudible] dot com slash burned me undies.com/burr.
All right,
let's finish with this.
Um,
how about those fucking Celtics de de de de de de de de
age.
Age.
Age is a word that Larry Bird.
Bird bird by days at wired.
Um,
he's making some fucking moves.
I guess we're going after this.
Gordon Haywood,
everybody thinks he's a great fit for the Boston Celtics because one,
he's a great player too.
He played for coach Brad Stevens at Butler and three,
he's fucking right.
Why?
Why,
why?
Yeah.
Celtics love of white guys still love a white guy.
Boop,
boop,
boop.
I don't know what it is.
The Celtics,
they just have to have the white guy.
I watched this.
We played Utah.
I didn't see what the big fucking deal was.
Everybody sleeping.
Oh my God.
Go.
This guy is fucking unreal.
These white like me.
Um,
Jason Tatum,
we got Jason Tatum drive,
drafted him.
I saw him play at Duke last year against Carolina.
You know,
I think he's a great fit for the Celtics.
we used to get played at Duke under coach k is an absolute beast in a,
appears to be at least taf white.
He's light skinned.
Good.
There you go.
That's Celtics like dead.
I'm fucking with you guys.
Look at fucking daddy age becoming like a fucking red Arrow back.
Junior's got all these draft picks.
He's fucking wheeling.
He's dealing,
you know what?
I want to see him do.
I want to see him light up a fucking sick.
You can't do it any more.
Light up a fucking cigar.
When we're up by 20 in the fourth quarter,
just light it up.
It's fucking over red.
Our back used to do that on the bench.
I mean just one of the biggest shit talkers ever without having to say one word.
Oh my God.
How bad did people want to beat that guy?
Um,
all right.
Anyways,
that's going to be the podcast for this week.
Oh,
you know what?
I bought some new symbols.
I got a bunch of new symbols.
I finally get the jazz ride that I wanted.
I still fucking suck,
but my simple sound great.
And um,
I'm still my,
my Gretsch kit that I ordered.
I ordered it and may,
they said it take two and a half months.
So it's been a month and a half.
So,
uh,
it should be here at any moment now,
Bill,
it should be here in another month.
If you do the math,
whatever.
I know what's going to happen when I fucking leave to New York and I go to do
the acting gig.
That's when it's going to fucking show up.
Murphy's law.
And then I'm going to come here and they'll be like,
sorry we missed you.
And they're going to be like,
we don't know where the drum kit is.
Uh,
you know,
we,
we set it down right?
And then I'm going to fucking see some street performer with my fucking Gretsch
kit and I'm going to know it's mine cause it's going to have three floor times.
Like fucking doesn't,
not,
couldn't one rack Tom,
three floor toms,
the triangle of death to my,
um,
I'm already going to order another rack,
Tom.
I think,
uh,
I'm just doing everything I can to have a different fucking set up so I can get
out of my 30 year fucking John Bonham
vortex that I went down and,
um,
I've been playing the double pedal.
I've been playing a double paddle to Primus in a,
in a little bit of pant.
Tara,
I'm just doing whatever I can listen to the lung and then slowing it down and
fucking trying to get my shit up to speed and,
and I'd been listening to like 1950s miles Davis.
Typical me fucking add
all over the map.
Why,
why work at one of those things at one time so you can actually get something
down bill when you can work with at all of it at once.
All of it at once.
All right.
Whatever.
I'm having to put the fucking,
I mean,
I'm not putting pro Dharma,
you know,
not going to be recording anything.
So who gives a fuck?
I'm going to record anything ever.
Yeah.
Although,
you know,
I've been doing the,
I did that video,
that Sunday video podcast.
I had a great time doing that.
I'm going to do those every once in a while.
Maybe one of these times
I'll fucking,
I'll do like a Nah,
I can't do a draw to a little clip.
I'll put a little clip up.
MMM.
I got to do a drum cover of like one of the worst songs ever and then just be
sitting there cause it has to,
I have to somehow make you laugh,
right.
I can't just do a drum cover and be like,
yeah bill.
Well I don't understand what the purpose of that was.
What am I watching?
The banana splits is like fucking danger island going to come on next.
MMM.
Oh maybe I'll just do one behind the drum kit.
Okay.
I'll just talk shit for fucking half hour and then the second I'm done,
I can play drums.
Maybe that's how I do it.
And I act like I'm going to play drums but then I never do.
And then you like bill,
what the fuck?
And I'll just be like,
no,
what the fuck you,
because I made you watch until the end.
I'm like,
Bill,
Bill and beer right now I'm playing a mind game.
We have to play mind games with people.
Um,
is that what you did bill?
I think you just waited.
Two people left the ground and he took their fucking legs out from underneath
them.
I didn't realize that that was some,
still was a whole [inaudible] level of mental shit going on there.
I thought you just understood gravity and somebody being vulnerable.
All right,
that's the podcast.
Go fuck yourselves.
Uh,
God bless the Indianapolis Colts.
Not everybody having been through this as a patriots fan,
I want you to be nice to those colts fans.
Do not call them cheaters.
It isn't fair.
Um,
fucking hearing aids status.
Hilarious.
Could they talk to each other?
Do you realize how fucking funny that is?
Okay.
And that you're sitting there and your offensive line coach comes in.
I listen.
This kid ain't fucking making it.
He doesn't know what the fuck he's doing.
We're going to get her ass.
Is this going to be allowed building or I just put these fucking things in.
Anything.
Any one of them sat that going like,
but coach,
isn't that against the rules?
That's fucking hilarious.
I love that they did that.
That's one of my favorite things about sports
is that shit.
Somebody with Vaseline under their fucking,
that guy had the shit on his neck.
It's just fucking funny.
And then everybody judges him.
Like,
you never drove in the car pool lane without another person in the car.
Right?
You never cheated on a test.
You never fucked around on your girlfriend or your boyfriend,
you know,
fucked around and your taxes.
Huh?
You never cut in line.
We're all fucking cheaters.
You constant fucking holier than thou douche bags.
All right.
Um,
anyways,
I mean,
look,
it is,
unless you do like steroids or like you're making somebody,
you know,
you're fucking somebody over on a house and then they're upside down in the
house and you fucked them over for life.
And then there's senior citizens,
they have to eat out Paul.
That's when,
that's when you got to step in and do something.
But other than that,
you know,
you bust somebody and then you fucking laugh at him.
You know,
you never cheated on your diet.
Your fucking spouse walks in.
Did you got to fucking spoonful?
The ice cream is your corked bat right in your fucking mouth.
All right,
go fuck yourselves.
I have a great weekend.
Your cons and I love,
I'll see you on Monday.
Sure.
Oh yeah.
The Monday morning podcast,
we have our own Twitter account.
Finally,
if you'd like to follow the m podcasts and get the links for all the videos and
all this stuff that I talk about,
follow us here at the and podcast.
Um,
our Twitter handle is at the m n p a podcast at the m m podcasts.
And MMP is all capitalized solar power.
Everybody can I take five minutes just to be a fucking hippie man.
Um,
every once in a while I go in and out of my fucking,
you know,
um,
with the team and now and then,
and then I'm against the team,
you know,
kind of like a fucking,
uh,
like a Randy Moss,
you know,
you come into town,
you got your mind right and after about a season and a half,
you start acting like a fucking maniac.
That's how I feel when I look at,
uh,
whatever the fucking explore.
I'm really trying to avoid the expression,
the powers that be,
but,
um,
I dunno,
I can't help it.
Every time when I land in Los Angeles and I look out at the basin as they call
it,
I'm from the San Gabriel mountains all the way south of that,
which is fucking La and greater la.
All of that,
just what an absolute clusterfuck it is.
And um,
what happens when the shit hits the fan?
So I'm thinking about getting some solar panels and I know all your rednecks out
there saying the obvious thing,
thug goods,
the solar panel I'm going to do,
if he ain't got a gun,
what are you going to keep the guy warm that fucking shoot you in the head
steels you provisions.
I understand they're fucking bearded.
Wonder.
All right,
I get it.
But one step at a time.
One step at a fucking time.
First thing I want to do,
I want to get,
you know,
it's ridiculous.
I live in a fucking desert.
The House bakes in the sun and um,
I still have,
I don't have solar power.
It's the dumbest shit ever.
So,
uh,
I'm going to look into it and I want,
I want to know is,
is,
you know,
is that two types of solar power.
There's one way you still on the grid and then there's one where you're off the
grid.
I like off the grid and if anybody's listening to my podcast,
if you're off the grid,
like what happens?
Did they like it?
Do they get mad at you?
I mean,
how do they know?
Because all of a sudden you've bill goes down.
Does that like set off a light,
you know,
and underneath the mountain that all those Illuminati guys live in and then
somebody pulls up to your house,
Hey,
I noticed you haven't been making any toasts lately.
And,
uh,
you know,
what's going on here?
How come you're not,
you're not watching TV.
What are you reading books in their fucking eaten apples off the tree.
How come you're not using any electrical,
uh,
tricity there?
Does that happen?
Is it,
it's not illegal to be off the grid.
They just sort of fucking a,
do they bully you at all?
Like,
just let me know what I'm in for.
All right.
Because what I would love to do is it continue spending legal tender that really
has nothing behind it other than the faith of every freckled face can't over
here.
Um,
I would really love to continue existing in this,
but I would like to have the backup that if the shit does hit the fan before I'm
overrun by a mob,
you know,
because mine's the only light on the top of the hill.
See that's,
I used to do a bit about that.
That's the thing.
Like if you actually have,
if you're off the grid,
all right and everything just goes fucking haywire.
You immediately,
you got to cut your lights out quick.
Okay.
Cause the first thing when everybody loses power,
they stand that go,
oh you got be fucking shitting me.
I was watching two broke girls Olvey right.
That's the first thing
you flipped the switches is it,
and then you know,
within 30 seconds you're like,
is it just our house?
And you look out the window.
So you basically,
you have 30 fucking seconds to cut all your lights off.
Tell your wife to shut the fuck up and get downstairs and that little corner
room,
all right?
You put your hand on a shoulder
firmly.
You don't hurt her,
but you're not affectionate.
You place your hand on her shoulder.
So she knows that some pertinent fucking information is on the way and you say,
honey,
we're the only ones left are the only ones that look at me.
Stop crying.
We're the only one.
We're the only ones left was power.
And I need you to hold it together.
Cry It out.
Now I want you to cry every ounce of bitch you have in you,
out of you in this corner of this house,
okay?
And when you come upstairs,
I want you to sit here and act like we do not have power.
Okay?
So when the Sullivan's come across the fucking street and see if we don't have
power y to their fucking faces,
honey,
forget about the cell phones.
They're not going to make you understand.
Yeah,
I don't want that to happen.
I don't want that to happen to anybody,
but I don't want to be the Sullivans.
You know what I mean?
I want a shot.
Just give me a fucking shot.
That's all I need.
I just need some solar panels and a fucking helicopter and I will get the fuck
outta here.
That's what you need.
You fucking 80 switching guns,
Huh?
Well you Schwartzenegger how long is that?
Gonna last.
Um,
anyways,
so I'm thinking about it.
Does anybody,
is anybody live in the La area?
Does anybody have solar panels anywhere in the fucking world?
Can you recommend,
are there two different kinds?
Because I actually looked up solar panels off the grid.
Okay.
And uh,
I came to [inaudible] this place
up Blue Pacific solar.
It says off grid packages.
Um,
then there's another one that just says get solar power,
Sun power off grid systems.
Off Grid System.
Backwoods solar electric systems.
Yeah,
I kind of stole that Shit.
Well,
what we're gonna do is we're going to bring it in and we'll just run it over the
outhouse.
Well,
what go ban on.
What's that?
A cigar?
I'm
sorry,
I'm going a stupid fucking mowed this week.
Um,
okay.
Yeah.
Oh,
then there's one for Australia.
I don't mind paying the grid,
but I would like to have,
if the grid fails to have the then off the grid switch.
How about that?
Can we just have that?
Okay.
Those of you who've been on the Internet this week,
you know the direction that I'm working in.
Oh yes.
You do.
The stop being modest.
Do you know the direction I'm going in?
I'm talking about solar fucking Rhodes.
Has anybody seen this,
this youtube video?
It's fucking amazing if,
if what they're saying is true about these solar roads.
Um,
and I apologize for the narrator.
I get what he's doing.
He's trying to keep an interesting,
but he kept it interesting too long and then he brings it down to an interlude,
which should have come a minute earlier and then he goes back to scream.
And so it's a little bit annoying,
but,
uh,
just try to listen to the information and then try not to get sucked into a
George Bush Obama debate because,
uh,
I dunno.
I Dunno if these sinks,
what the fuck do I know?
Right.
But it just basically saying,
if we replaced all our roads with these solar fucking things that literally
look,
makes it look like Lego land and it's all lit up and there'd be sensors to let
you know a deer is going around the corner and then it would just light up in
the turn a,
there's a fucking deer around the corner,
you know,
enjoy your barley pancakes or whatever.
Right?
For some fucking full on Hippie Shit.
And that basically the amount of energy that it would create would be three
times what this country even needed,
which immediately we can just leave the Middle East,
right?
We don't have to be over there pissing them off by getting in the middle of
their bullshit.
All right.
We don't have to deal with oil and oil money is what funds the terrorist as far
as my limited reading goes.
Right?
The,
the,
the families over there that,
fuck,
hang on,
she's scratching.
I just gave you a bath.
What's wrong?
Oh,
cleo.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
yeah,
like the fucking the oil people over the people who make all the money over
there,
they then donate to mosques.
And then in the mosque,
they fucking,
you know,
Kinda of fucking a,
send it over to these fucking people over here.
That ended up coming back at US shooting shit.
It us as far as you know,
like I said,
I don't know shit.
Cleo,
would you stop fucking,
you're going to have to go to the other room here.
Come here buddy.
What's up sweetheart?
We went on a nice hike today,
didn't we?
Huh?
The flute.
Good.
All right.
Get out of here.
Um,
so anyways,
um,
yeah,
and then that whole fucking thing is just null and void.
Yeah.
We have all this extra power.
We actually did we create a bunch of jobs.
The only thing I don't know is the way it looks.
It doesn't seem like it's a smooth ride.
It just seems like the whole time he going like over these fucking things.
I have no idea,
but just check it out and I swear to God,
because this is something that I don't know if it,
if it is,
if it does work,
if it does fucking work,
it could benefit everybody.
Okay.
Conservatives,
liberals,
independence.
Every boy who wouldn't benefit from all of this energy.
All that's right.
The people in power.
Oh,
how could I forget that?
That's right.
How do you think that they're going to derail this if this actually becomes a
movement,
how will they somehow tie in terrorism?
Nine 11 liberals fucking right wing conservatives and just get the,
the pot fucking stern so everybody's screaming and yelling.
It was good.
It will be for helping of Les Expensive and the Babies will starve.
They're going to do all of that shit.
Um,
the only way this thing gets off the ground,
if it works,
is if people don't get sucked into those arguments and we all become one and we
all pick up a hatchet and we start marching towards the bankers.
Gated communities.
Okay.
Because the asphalt streets,
we'll have to run red with blue blood money before something wonderful like this
will ever fucking happen because you are fucking with,
yeah.
A century and a half of cashflow going to a small amount of people.
That's what you fucking with and when you're fucking with something like that,
that level of money.
Okay.
Basically the money that gives the dollar power,
like the only thing gives the US dollar powers that oil barrels of oil are still
measured in US dollars.
Other than that,
it's a fucking shit show.
So these guys are the guys behind all of that.
It's them in the fucking bankers and that's it.
All right.
The insurance companies like the Ted Kennedy or that fucking family.
All right,
but fucking Bobby and Jack.
All right.
Actually the banks have fucking Joe Kennedy.
All right,
I'll shut up with the Kennedy Shit.
All right.
So anyways,
that's my thing.
Like this is a great fucking idea.
If it works,
if it works,
it's a fucking great idea.
Even if you just did a few roads,
if he just did a few of them,
each state just did like their main highway or whatever.
If you just did that,
I can't imagine the amount of of money we would save and on the less than about,
man,
it was incorrect.
The possibilities of it are incredible.
I don't know if it works,
but it is fucking incredible.
But the sad thing is,
um,
the fact that whenever new stuff like this comes up,
it all just turns into a Obama,
Bush,
Republican,
Democrat,
blah,
blah.
Everybody's just yelling at each other and then it just fucking goes away.
And then everybody turns on sports.
And that's what happens.
So there you go.
This is all off the grid,
Billy.
15 minutes of crazy talk.
But that makes sense to me.
Makes sense to me,
man.
Fuck,
you know,
we get this done if everyone wasn't so,
so,
so fucking lit,
Bro.
All them liberals out there in Hollywood,
right?
And I gotta tell you I'm not,
I'm,
I'm not just making fun of stereotypical southern guy.
All right?
Because I haven't lived out here in Hollywood.
These people are out of their fucking mind state.
They have Fox News to the left.
They're out of their fucking minds.
The there does such fucking hypocrites where it's just like,
you can say the most,
uh,
I guess racist isn't the word.
Cause you can make fun of white people,
rich,
white people.
You,
you can basically,
you can be a,
you can use the exact fucking thing that they don't like seeing used on poor
people against rich people and they fucking love it.
You know,
you can suggest that people from the south or all fucking,
they're sisters and they're slapping their knees and they're doing the wave and
the crowd.
All right.
But if you suggest any homeless guy needs to get off his fucking ass,
stop boozing and get a fucking job,
then you're the devil.
So
I mean,
I dunno.
Does that make any sense?
Well,
it shouldn't.
Isn't that why you listened to this podcast?
Okay.
Solar panels.
Last week I talked about,
I was thinking about maybe get solar panels off my house,
off my house on my house and uh,
I dunno if I want to go off the grid,
but whatever.
A city of baking in the sun in this fucking house,
I might as well get something out of it.
Right.
All right,
so here we go.
Hi Bill.
First off,
huge fan of your comedy podcasts.
Thank you.
I saw you perform Brian Regan.
Oh,
with Brian Regan.
COBB's comedy.
While that was a,
that was a bucket list night for me to be able to perform it.
That guy show is absolutely hilarious.
Well thank you and thank you for Brian Regan to um,
anyway,
regarding your question about solar,
there is no solar power that is completely off the grid.
You use all the energy that you can provide through solar and the rest that
can't be provided by the sun like at night or if it gets shady on your roof.
The utility provides,
this is called interconnection.
Uh,
you save a ton of money and you use clean energy in the process.
I worked for a solar company,
I promise this isn't a bullshit sales pitch and I managed the construction
timeline so I've learned a lot about this stuff.
Here's the link to my company I worked for.
We install a lot in la and in Boston as well too.
I think we're in like 12 different states.
Anyways,
thanks you for the awesome podcasts and you know something about this solar
shit.
This,
every person you talk to says something different.
I watch people on Youtube make up a solar thing.
Um,
but a solar thing put up their solar panels broke down how they worked and,
uh,
and how you could get off the grid,
but it was really,
really,
really fucking involved.
Sky's digging a God damn trench.
I can't even know what the fuck was going on,
but I'm just like,
all right,
I don't have room for a trench.
All right.
My little piece of property here.
So I,
I,
you know,
I got room for a whole,
does that work?
I can't even what he was doing,
they dug this translate stuff like a fucking tarp in there.
And I know what the heck.
I can't even tell you what was going on,
but,
um,
I will definitely,
uh,
I'll definitely look into it.
Um,
hopefully I'll have more luck with you guys and the fucking concept.
Put the roof on this house.
Fucking assholes.
I told you what they did right?
They put the roof on the house and then like the drain pipes,
because it's an old house,
old stupid design with a drain off was it goes down into a pipe that actually
goes into like,
uh,
I don't,
I have like,
uh,
my attic is actually ever see,
seen John Malcovich are being,
being John Malcovich.
Remember how they had that floor?
We had to walk around,
bent over,
like that's basically how much space there is between,
um,
the ceiling on my top floor and then the roof.
I don't even know what the purpose of it is.
All it is,
it's just true.
It just traps air that gets heated up and causes my house to be hot.
But anyways,
that's what it is.
So the drain off of the water on the roof goes into a pipe that goes in,
into the fucking crawl space and then back out the front of the house and down
the side.
So you take water from the roof,
you bring it into the house,
it's inside a pipe,
but nevertheless you bring it into the fucking house and God forbid that pipe
bursts or you have some fucking moron who disconnects it when he's putting the
new roof on and forgets to hook it back up.
Okay.
And then tries to blame it.
Not yet.
He blamed it on,
Oh,
you know the fuck it all the blah blah blah.
And I'm just sitting there going,
all right,
this is at least a year in court.
You know what?
Why don't you just get the fuck Outta here?
I'll just put in a god damn claim.
You can't.
That's what I did because I didn't want to go to court.
So,
um,
anyways,
I'm hoping you,
you're better than those guys.
I mean,
how couldn't you be?
All right.
Here's my favorite one of this week.
A solar roadways debunked.
MMM.
I got a note from my guy here.
Andrew says,
a ton of people forwarded the same link as the one in the email below.
I watched this,
so you don't have to,
it's 30 minutes long.
Basically.
He bitches about costs maintenance and the efficiency,
efficiency of the perks.
Advertising original video like heating,
repairing the road.
Yeah,
I actually watched the first 10 minutes of it.
Um,
I'll save my opinion until I read this.
Uh,
Yo Billy,
the sunburn kit,
I know you were pretty pumped up about solar roads is be honest.
So was I,
but someone's smart sat down and crunched some numbers and brought up points as
why as to why solar roads are economically in tech.
Technically not feasible.
It's about 30 minutes long.
So if you got some time to kill in any airport,
check it out.
Well,
you know what sir,
I watched the first 10 minutes of it.
Uh,
he didn't debunk them.
He just brought up a bunch of questions.
He's just like a road has to be durable and I would have some questions about,
I mean they showed a tractor run over the tiles,
but it was a small tractor and they only did it once.
Um,
I,
I would like to see how these,
you know,
these things hold up when it's wet out and you need water to run off.
And he just brought up a bunch of fucking questions.
You know,
he didn't debunk them.
He did basically,
basically what he did,
it's like 50% what you have to do,
you can't have somebody just come in and,
hey,
these are brand new roads.
Can I make them?
Oh,
okay.
You think,
do you think they're going to work?
Okay.
I mean,
obviously you can't do that,
but it's 50% that,
which is smart.
You got to ask the right questions.
And then the other side is anytime you try to do something new,
there's always people saying it's not going to work.
You know,
and this guy in his half hour,
I'm sure he brings,
he brought up a number of things that would be a problem.
It doesn't mean they can't work.
Okay.
So I don't,
I wouldn't say they would debunked.
I would just say somebody asked a bunch of fucking questions and rather than
just,
what he does is he just throws it out there.
It's like,
why don't you contact the people at the solar road who tried to make the solar
roads and actually get some answers and get some fucking,
uh,
or maybe order some tiles and tried to do some experiments yourself rather than
wasting people's time with the half hour of questions and speculation.
That's basically what it was.
So I wouldn't say that it was debunked.
Um,
but you know,
you throw up three pointers for a half an hour,
some of them are going to go in even if you suck.
So I'm sure a couple of his concerns were true,
but uh,
you know,
let me look at electric cars
since way back in the day.
People who are,
they show up to fucking up,
like people actually questioned the power of electric electricity.
It powers the entire fucking shitty can light up a whole fucking city.
And I get a Prius and my own mother,
my own mother is going,
can it go up a hill?
No,
mom,
I just got to get out and start walking.
It's great for my weight.
And look at that.
They say,
oh,
they're underpowered and their this and their that.
First of all,
the Prius is not an electric car.
Okay.
It's not even a fucking 50% electric car.
It's like an 8% electric car.
Yeah,
that's what it is.
From like zero.
I've told you this guys for years from zero to seven miles an hour,
that car runs on electric power and then switches over to gas for the rest of
the time.
And if you drive with a lead foot,
you're going to get maybe 25 miles a gallon.
But if you listen,
if you listen to the engine,
okay.
And you don't stop on the gas and drive like a fucking maniac,
slam on the brakes,
you can get,
you know,
I don't,
I wouldn't say 40 miles a gallon.
Yeah,
you can get like 35 but it's great.
Perfect car.
If you live in,
in the city.
I absolutely love the fucking thing.
So anyways,
so you had that,
I bought that thing in October of 2007 and now look at these,
these Tesla cars.
I actually wrote in one of those,
uh,
the end of last year before I wrote in Casey's fucking truck,
Jesus Christ,
which probably gets two feet to the gallon,
especially the way he was driving it.
Um,
those Tesla cars are fucking amazing and you can drive from last I checked from
San Diego all you up to Vancouver.
Um,
you know they have a recharge stations from San Diego.
All we have to Vancouver and I think recently someone just drove one across the
country.
So it's not like that guy in the speculation video.
Um,
I'm,
I got to look that one up or you should look it up or whatever.
But um,
I'm actually,
uh,
I'm leaning towards that fucking thing.
Thinks bad ass.
You walk up to,
when you turn it on,
like the door handles are flush against the car and you walk up and things pop
out.
I'm sure other cars do that,
but I never seen it.
Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burr and it is the Monday morning podcasts for Monday,
June the sixth,
2009,
and this is my last couple of days here in New York City.
I can't wait to get back to,
uh,
to Los Angeles,
even though everybody fucking trashes that city.
I've never lived in a city where so many people so openly just fucking trash it.
You know what I mean?
It's weird.
Hey,
what do you live?
Oh,
I lived in a,
I live in Saint Paul,
Minnesota.
Oh my God.
That place sucks.
Those people are so fucking phony.
Yeah.
Have another contrived snowball fight,
you know?
I Dunno.
Whatever.
People always,
I love when people go to fucking La is they go down to fucking right on the
sunset strip and then they fucking talk about how Hollywood and phony it is.
Really.
When you go to Georgia,
do you go to Atlanta or do you go to like fucking Macon,
Georgia?
And they'd be like,
I can't believe how many of you,
I can't believe how many rednecks they're where they're,
where you fucking went to ground zero of it yet dumb fuck.
Um,
from grumpy this week.
I'm grumpy this week cause uh,
I don't want to fucking be here anymore.
I just realized that I don't want to be here anymore,
which is great because this is my last day of shooting.
I am having a great time when I am on the set but when I am off to set and I'm
trying to figure out what the fuck I do in a city that I already lived in for 12
fucking years,
you know,
what am I going to get another slice?
Am I going to go to central park for the 90th million fucking times.
90 million fucking time is what I'm trying to say there.
I was drinking yesterday and like the afternoon,
you know,
went into watch the red sox play the mariners at some bar and my buddy,
he came in for the first three innings and then he left and I was like,
you know what,
I'm going to hang out.
And I just sorta just stayed there and it had like five Heineken's in the middle
of the day.
Now I know all you youngsters out there like five Heineken's in the middle of
the day.
What do you fucking pussy,
what does it,
it's,
it's all you got.
I Dunno what the ages,
but there becomes an age.
Jesus Christ.
Can I get like a fucking double Chin looking at myself in the mirror?
That's when you know you've been booze.
And if you've got to like a fucking two scruff and all of a sudden you've got
like that Pelican Chin,
uh,
what a fucking mess.
You know,
I don't know.
I gotta get Outta here.
That's the fucking point.
So anyways,
so I have like five beers and uh,
it was that per fino five beers is like that point where you don't think you're
drunk,
so you continue talking to people and uh,
I dunno,
it just sucks.
Stricken in the middle of day sucks because you go through the whole fucking
hangover.
You know,
usually when you just pass out at the end of the night,
I mean,
you sleep through most of your fucking hangover as opposed to this one where I
came off and I just sort of gradually came down and I would not off like a
fucking old man and then wake up back again and just wake up back again.
It doesn't even make any sense.
I'd wake up again.
I don't know.
I'm all over the fucking place.
I want to get outta here.
I've had it,
fucking had it.
I've had it.
So anyways,
I went up to see some family over the 4th of July to celebrate the birthday of
this country.
And um,
as I'm driving up,
I'm listening on the radio and evidently I looked up the song on,
uh,
on the Internet.
It's a,
uh,
Carrie Underwood song,
who I don't,
I don't know what she has.
I'm guessing she's white cause it sounded country and she had little Twang in
your voice,
but I don't want to piss off any Koreans out there.
She might've been Korean.
Um,
is a song called before he cheats.
So I'm driving along and you know,
I'm driving my buddy's car.
This is how I'm going to fucking defend myself.
That I was on a radio station that was actually playing this and I was just sort
of clicking the,
uh,
the preprogram radios.
Fuck,
getting to whatever,
you know what I'm saying?
And I'm home.
I'm feel like shit.
Cut me some slack this week.
So anyways,
this song comes on and this,
this Carrie Underwood CIC is sitting there singing this song going rat.
Now he's probably slow dancing man frat now.
And she's singing about her boyfriend.
Yeah,
I got the lyrics right here.
Right now.
He's probably buying her some fruity little drink cause she can't shoot whiskey
right now.
He's probably up behind her with the pool stick,
showing her how to shoot it Combo.
And then they go into the chorus and she goes and he don't know,
um,
that I dug my keys into the side of his pretty little souped up four wheel
drive.
Carve my name into his leather seats.
I took a Louisville slugger to both headlights,
slashed a hole in all four tires.
And all I could think was,
why don't you just break up with them?
You're dumb cunt.
You know what I mean?
What are you going to do?
You're going to do all this shit.
Then he's going to get mad,
and then what you're going to make up after five days and then you're going to
blow him again.
I hate this fucking song and I'm going to tell you why,
because it's,
I,
I'm pretty sure it's a hit.
It's on the radio,
right?
Uh,
I dunno.
And what I love about this is people will listen to this song and they won't
even question the rationale of what the fuck someone's doing in there.
Because so many people in life,
myself included,
you,
you play,
you like powerless in life.
You just play the powerless card.
You know,
just get out of the fucking relationship.
I fucking hate this song.
And this is one of these songs too.
We're fucking women all get together.
They,
he saying,
Hey guy,
cat man ass car.
You're all a bunch of dumb cunts.
Okay,
you're fucking stupid.
Just break up with the guy.
Just break up with them.
Not even to mention the fact that now you're going out there and you're,
you're,
you're doing damage.
You're,
I don't,
is that a felon?
That's not a felony.
I don't know what it is,
but it's just a classic thing where a woman would listen to that song and at no
point would she ever think may,
maybe I could get arrested for this.
I am damaging somebody's property.
No,
you got to fucking vagina.
You can just go out and broad daylight.
You don't even have to wear a fucking mask.
Do you know what I would have to do if I wanted to go out and go fuck up
somebody's car?
I would have to wait for the,
first of all,
I'd have to make sure I had an alibi.
It'd be like I was killing somebody.
I had to make sure somebody could cover for me and say that I was fucking
somewhere.
Right.
I had to put on some God damn cat suit and a fucking mask.
Right?
Like,
I'm in that dead presidents movie and all I would able to get,
I'd be able to get off one quick hit,
right?
One quick hit.
Let's say I wanted to start carving it up like a pussy.
Right.
But if I,
if I really was going to go out there and smash somebody headlights,
I can hit one and the second the car alarm goes off,
I have to fucking take off and then run home,
get out of my little fucking fucking a little cat suit and then tried to put on
my pajamas so when the cops show up,
because you know they're going to find some sort of fucking fingerprint,
I got to act like I'm not out of breath.
Like I actually have been sitting there for fucking eight hours watching TV.
I know I just,
I can't stand,
you know,
it just reminds me of when that movie,
a fatal attraction came out.
Right.
And the amount of women who would just sit there and you see that movie?
Huh?
Yeah.
That's what she get [inaudible] get.
You know,
there's no thought of like this bitch put a rabbit in,
in,
in boiling water does not have that.
Women are there.
They're out of their fucking minds.
But that's not even the point of this.
My point of the Carrie Underwood song,
it actually made me feel like a loser because the amount of fucking times,
I mean I haven't gone out and fucked up somebody's car,
but the amount of times,
you know what it is that song is that song.
It's a powerless song.
Yeah.
That's what the fuck it is.
And I went to the whole lyrics to see if she breaks up with them in the end and
there's sort of an ambiguous line in the end where she goes,
uh,
cause the next time he cheats,
oh you know,
it won't be on me.
So that's sort of ambiguous because it could mean because I broke up with them
or it could be because he doesn't want to get his truck fucked up.
So I dunno.
I just at just fucking annoys me.
That song just annoyed the shit out of me
on,
on both levels.
Well,
you,
you got somebody,
it's like,
just break up with the guy
and your solution is,
you know,
something.
If a girl ever fucking cheated on me that,
that I would break up with them.
I'm not saying I wouldn't flip out and I give them a good fucking and verbally,
but I would never go in like,
uh,
what,
you know,
throw all their clothes out in the front lawn and Burnham.
You know,
why wouldn't I do that?
I don't know.
I don't know why.
I think a lot of it has to do because I'd be fucking worried I'd get arrested
for damaging property.
Why do women have an exemption from damaging property?
I don't understand it.
Of a woman's sat there smashing up somebody's car in broad daylight because the
guy cheated on them.
People would be laughing.
I would be laughing.
Everyone.
It would,
it's,
it's a comedy.
It's just hilarious.
But if the exact same scenario was going down and a guy did it,
he,
he be the classic,
you know the cops come and they put you in that little,
you get tasered and they mush you face into the fucking pavement.
I Dunno,
I get it.
Women have to carry a kid around and that God damn stomach for nine months,
but I don't think that gives you the right to go out and attack somebody fee
arrow.
I really don't.
You know,
so why don't you guys just fucking relax.
All right.
You're a bunch of God damn psychos.
You know,
with your,
I'm on my period excuse.
So three weeks a month,
you're out of your fucking mind.
I think if a girl goes,
even if you were cheating on a girl on a woman,
right?
And she fucks up your car,
I really think you ought to be able to go up to her and give her a nice fucking
two piece combination to the Goddamn fucking cabbage.
What do you think about that?
Right?
Just fucking,
just hook off on that fucking
hair teased head a lettuce on the top of her fucking shoulders.
Right?
What would you go with?
I'm really going to alienate a lot of my pants on this one
and I want you to know that most of this is not me advocating punching a woman
in the face.
Most of this is,
I can't fucking sit in this stupid hotel room anymore.
I can't fucking do it.
I've had the Goddamn
do not disturb light on for like four days.
They probably think I overdosed in here.
I'm really big on that.
Don't clean up the room.
Beat it.
You know you had to come in and every three days and change the sheets like I'm
royalty.
It changed his sheets like fucking once every three weeks.
Maybe that's if that's only if they are white and I could tell how filthy they
are.
That's right.
Wrinkle your nose up.
You fucking pump is broads.
That's how I live my life.
Jesus.
Why am I attacking women?
I Dunno.
Why?
What was I talking about?
Oh yeah.
If you,
if you could punch a woman in a face,
you allow two punches,
what would you go with?
Okay.
Would you go classic?
Would you set up the overhand right with the jab?
Would you actually waste a jet?
You know,
waste a jab
which you go,
this is just evil.
All right,
I gotta get off this fucking subject.
I don't know,
that song just annoyed me.
Um,
I hate those fucking songs when women just just openly talk about how they're
going to go out and destroy a guy's fucking property rather than break up with
them,
you know,
and it's considered some sort of justification,
rather than looking inward going,
you know,
maybe I'm a bad judge of character.
What sort of qualities of am I looking for in somebody?
And I'll date that.
I mean,
didn't the fact that the guy had a souped up four wheel drive truck,
didn't that give it or didn't that give it away on any fucking level?
Huh?
And is,
I mean a souped up four wheel drive truck.
Carrie Underwood,
you dumb fucking,
what else did he have?
Huh?
Uh,
uh,
a fucking earring hanging down with a lightening bolt on the side of it to have
this fucking song sticks.
This is one of the,
you know why I hate this sign this and I'm going to do my whole podcast on this
fucking song.
This is going to be one of those fucking songs when I'm the on the road and I'm
hating my life,
you know,
and I just don't want to go back to the hotel room and be lonely and I'm going
to go out to a bar and that song's going to come on and fucking four fucking
twats with their ear piercing.
I'm singing and I'm drunk.
High pitched voices are going to start singing.
Every fucking word of that song liked it.
They like these fucking cunt bad asses.
Ah,
okay.
And I'm done.
All right,
I'm done with that and I'm done with that fucking Jesus Christ.
That fucking song annoyed me.
What a fucking loser that Carrie Underwood is.
Huh?
Is that an anthem for all you broads out there?
You know,
I love about this is I'm really like,
I'm really taking the,
literally the dumbest demographic of women and a,
and I'm just fucking super imposing it over all women and I'm doing it on
purpose because it's just cause I'm childish this week I'm fucking in a bad
mood.
And um,
you know,
rather than doing some yoga and going out and getting a Veggie Omelet or
whatever dumb shit you supposed to do,
what you look at my fucking face,
this bloated booze face.
Okay.
Oh Jesus Christ.
What happened?
I wasn't,
you know,
my life was great.
I came to New York going,
okay,
this is awesome.
You know,
live in a dream here and I'm going to,
I'm going eat right.
I'm not going to drink.
I'm going to work out every day.
And you know,
I dunno what happened.
Well,
I know what happened was this,
the second day I got here was my birthday,
so you got a drink on your birthday and then I just got the booze coursing
through my veins and then it's just,
it's just been a,
I can't even say drunken debauchery.
It's just been sort of sad old man.
I've kind of been sitting there like norm in cheers.
If he didn't know anybody,
you know,
cliff clave and didn't come in and butcher his name with his bed,
Boston accent a their nomy nom.
It's norm.
Just take the out.
If you want to do a Boston accent,
that's what you do.
You just take the r out.
Everything doesn't become an ae.
I know I've mentioned that before,
but uh,
you know how the deal is people in North Dakota.
I went there,
Fargo when I brought up that movie and they were just like,
dude,
we don't fucking talk like that.
That movie was annoying,
but everyone else thought it was hilarious because how many of us have ever been
to Fargo,
North Dakota and the same thing with chairs.
You know,
everybody thinks that that's how they say norm.
They say Nami now they don't,
they say norm.
All right.
Does this make any fucking sense?
This is just like,
I am like a,
I'm just cut to the week right now.
Um,
what else did I want to talk about that I do anything this week?
I don't think I did anything.
I started to read a book was reading a book on the mob.
Why don't I just start reading some shit cause I'm actually,
this is my last day of shooting and I'm excited.
I'm really excited about this scene because I have the most lines of any scene,
you know,
and uh,
and he seen that I,
that I've been in,
which means I have 1.5 now.
I'm kidding.
Actually got like two or three lines,
which is going to be cool.
And I'm really excited to do this shit,
but,
uh,
I got to get this fucking podcast out of the way.
Can you tell him scrolling down?
Um,
all right,
here's one.
I got this,
this dude in England who always fucking emails me and uh,
I guess he was sick of me not re reading his questions or whatever.
So in the title,
whatever you call it,
the subject line,
he said,
read this,
you fucking cunt.
So of course they have to open it.
And he said,
sorry,
you're not a content.
I just need to get your attention.
All right.
Hey,
bill dynamite podcast this week.
Or should I say last week?
Well,
because it's Wednesday and oh look,
no Monday morning podcasts because I was really looking forward to hearing you
talk about your dog for 40 minutes again,
dude,
we get it.
You have a dog.
No one cares.
Be funnier.
I,
that's my main point.
Also rename the podcast.
Bill birth speaks for 40 minutes because for a start it's hardly ever out on a
Monday.
And also you do ramble aimlessly.
Uh,
it's called the podcast.
You fucking moron.
What do you think a podcast is?
Are there a bunch of podcast out there where people aren't babbling aimlessly?
Podcasts are basically fucking radio shows for people who weren't good enough to
be on the fucking radio.
So I don't know what's what level of quality you're looking for here,
but you really need to lower your standards.
All right,
and who the fuck says dynamite?
And they still saying that over there.
Did you guys just get good times?
Yeah.
All right,
here we go.
Let's continue here.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
I'm not trying to trash you because sometimes it's great.
Oh,
that's cool.
I'm glad.
Sometimes it's great.
I just think bill birth speaks for 40 minutes is a better title.
Take a lead my advice,
but my main point,
stop talking about the dog.
It kills me.
I fast forward when,
when,
uh,
when you do,
nobody cares about your fucking dog.
But apart from that,
the show is great and I love your work.
One quick question.
Um,
I can see how it'd be annoying if I was talking to my dog.
I know there's a bunch of animal lovers right now.
Listen to this going.
No,
I really am.
Giant.
Fuck you dude.
I love my dog.
All right.
Why don't you go get some fish and chips and not brush your teeth or whatever
other hacky fucking thing you guys do over there.
Huh?
Geeta pork chop for breakfast.
Yeah,
man.
I'm trying to think.
The last good looking person that came from England,
pay towns in with that warp knows
was there anybody good looking even what's his face?
Roger Daltrey who wasn't shape,
but his face is just,
it's just beat,
just beat down,
man.
He's just weathered,
weathered,
fucking people over there.
Um,
I can't,
I don't think I've ever remembered that.
Anybody ever saying they met some hot chicken England?
I've heard it.
You know,
you go to France,
you go to Sweden,
you know you go to Spain,
right?
You go to Puerto Rico,
there's all kinds of fucking hot women.
You go to England
to look at the royal family.
Actually Princess Diana was kind of hot,
but she had weird fucking hands and feet.
She looked like she was part lizard juice.
Does she live like a beautiful lizard?
That's what she lets what she looked like and Prince Charles looks like,
um,
ah,
you know what?
I don't have the fucking medical background to talk about how in bread that guy
is.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
But he just basically,
I dunno,
I dunno what he has.
He has one of whatever the fuck he has and it's all the same coursing through
his fucking body,
whatever.
If I fell of a regular Mug,
human being has to shut up hill.
You're too fucking stupid to go through with this.
All right,
one quick question bill.
How long did it take to crack the standup scene?
I mean,
when you started getting decent money and radio spots?
Uh,
let's see.
Well took me three and a half years before I quit my day job,
but I was living at home and I saved every dime that I made from work that I
could.
And I also saved every dime that I was making from um,
stand up.
And I basically saved up 10 grand,
which believe it or not,
you can do if you don't run out and buy every new fucking I iPhone,
iPod and all laptops and all that shit.
I didn't do any of that.
I just dressed like Malcolm young and ACDC jeans and tee shirt.
I had a fucking,
I had this old pickup truck that I used to drive two wheel drive,
one of the little little ones.
And I drove that until it fucking died.
And I was at this critical point where I was only a year into my standup career
and I needed a reliable car,
but I also didn't want to be chained to my job by,
by buying a new car,
which is the dumbest fucking thing you can do.
If you're in your 20s and you got some job and it's not your business,
it's not your own business and you know you want to leave it at some point,
the dumbest fucking thing you can do is go out and buy a brand new car.
You just change yourself to your desk.
I know I've said this before,
but it's like that.
You don't remember.
You remember in a Bronx tale when those bikers are acting like assholes and they
ask them to leave and they don't leave and then they fucking,
you know,
put the thing on the door and then Chazz Palminteri goes,
now you can't leave.
You're,
you're,
you're doing the financial equivalent of that scene when you go out and buy a
brand new fucking car.
Okay?
First of all,
you can afford a good car.
You just got to get some generic fucking twenty thousand twenty five thousand
dollars stupid ass fucking car.
And it,
it's,
it's gonna,
it's gonna change the desk.
So long story short,
what I did was instead of buying a new car was I,
I just,
I had a new engine put in my foot in my truck and everybody,
all the fucking people at work told me that's the dumbest thing.
Do,
what do you,
when it do you would do for you?
Fuck them.
A really cost me 50 things at the time cause it costs about 1500 bucks to get
the whole thing done.
Right.
As opposed to having a $15,000 car loan.
I had the fucking engine paid off,
you know,
and about four or five months,
then I had no car payment again.
And I could,
I could use that to put towards my nest egg.
And My,
my idea when I went down to New York was I was going to get a day job.
But,
uh,
you know,
I waited a couple of weeks before I started looking and I started doing standup
and then I got a couple of gigs and they were on the road so I couldn't get a
day job and believe me,
my 10 grand was fucking going down,
down,
down.
But it bought me enough fucking time where I could,
uh,
I could get in with the clubs,
start getting gigs.
And,
um,
what ended up happening,
I think I went all the way down to like fucking 2,500 bucks.
And,
uh,
I think that's when,
then I started booking shit.
That's what happened.
Then I started booking shit and I was able to sustain,
um,
it didn't dip below 2,500,
but it didn't really get above three grand either.
I got to that point where I could,
I could basically pay my bills.
And,
uh,
that's also back when somebody told me about,
you know,
paying off your fucking credit cards
every month so you don't get fucked with the,
uh,
on the interest.
I started doing that and I basically,
I ate spaghetti like every fucking night.
Pasta is a really cheap meal.
It fills you up.
I told you about this shit before and when I went on the road,
I would go to Denny's or the international house of pancakes and I get the large
stack of pancakes in the morning.
I get to five stack and they would sit in my stomach like fucking cement.
And I could literally go from like eight in the morning to eight at night
without eating.
And you know,
I drive my little rented fucking dodge neon to some college gig.
There you go.
When you get a college Gig,
that's a big thing.
So about three and a half years.
All right,
I'm sorry dude.
Was that fucking boring?
I know I didn't talk about my dog and do an I am just breaking your balls
sometimes.
Like people give me shit and I give him shit back and people think I'm serious.
I really don't give a fuck.
Um,
all right,
now here's is overrated,
underrated list.
Overrated bill burrs dog.
No one cares.
Bruce Springsteen,
bloated overrated stadium rocker.
Barack Obama.
He can't,
he can't hide behind the black forever.
The economy is still fucked.
Uh,
Jesus Christ.
Dude,
did you even proofread this?
He can't hide behind the black forever.
The economy is still fucked.
Um,
dude,
I dunno if you've fucking notice,
but we had a,
uh,
we've had a war for a good fucking seven years to the tune of $1 billion a month
and bankers loaned out money to homeless people and we had to bail them out.
So I think I don't give a shit.
Who the fuck you are.
A Republican Democrat.
Liberal,
conservative.
Fucking independent.
You,
you're not getting us out of this,
which is why I am going to Sweden.
I have a gig coming up in Sweden and the end of August,
I'm going to start doing a Australia once a year.
Um,
this talks about me going to Dublin.
These fucking overseas gigs,
they're very hard to get.
You know,
shit usually ends up falling out,
but that's my thing.
All right.
If these corporations are going global,
going global too.
I don't give a fuck.
I'll be the goddamned James Bond,
a comedy James Bond.
I Dunno.
International Man of jokes,
um,
underrated arctic monkeys.
It's a great British band from Sheffield,
England,
cocaine,
brilliant song by Eric Clapton.
Dude,
you must be young.
Okay.
That song's great.
The first 40,000 times you hear it,
it,
Eh,
um,
underrated football slash soccer,
easily the best sport ever.
Hands down.
Um,
you know what?
I wouldn't argue that,
I wouldn't argue that because if you actually,
if you,
if you watch American soccer,
it's sucks like an American team versus an American team.
But if you watch that oversee shit,
you know where people fucking die and people get trampled and crushed to death
and then they go on youtube and talk about how dumb Americans are.
Um,
you know,
you'd think what those awful English teeth,
you could eat your way through the fence when you're getting crushed up against,
ah,
to people in England even have bad teeth or was my entire fucking,
uh,
okay.
Understanding of England,
basically three Austin power movies.
All right.
Probably is.
All right,
let's talk about grenades again this week.
Um,
I asked somebody a,
when you throw a grenade,
how long do you have before the fucking thing goes off?
And it said Bill,
three to four seconds sounds about right.
Uh,
I'm still amazed at that.
Crazy son of a bitch who was filming,
didn't use a tripod.
Some shit.
Oh yeah.
If you guys want to see what a fucking grenade does,
go on youtube.
Look up grenade and washing machine.
I believe that's what you search.
Uh,
some Army Guy,
cause I asked last week,
you know,
whenever you see a those army movies,
somebody dives on a fucking grenade and uh,
you know,
saves the life of his comrades.
Um,
I don't know this conflicting advice that I got on this shit.
You know what dude,
I'm fucking losing it right now.
This podcast is,
is quickly spinning out of control because I haven't eaten yet.
And uh,
I have an early pickup today and if I don't do it now,
it's not going to be coming out on Monday.
So why don't I,
I'm just gonna Start Reading Shit here.
Um,
all right.
If you want to talk about weaponry,
what,
what the,
what is the question I asked last week?
Oh,
I asked,
uh,
if there's any people in the military,
if they had any,
uh,
combat stories,
because I was talking about,
you know,
whenever you fantasize about going to war,
you always picture yourself doing some Rambo Shit.
But in the back of your head,
you know that there's a strong possibility that you might be that fucking dude
who when the shit goes down,
you can't move.
You freeze or you're fucking
balled up in the fetal position crying.
You know,
I heard a story one time is sometimes in battle people just stand up.
They can't deal with it anymore and they just killed themselves.
Granted,
I heard that from my high school teacher who's teaching the English.
And uh,
he had never been to war,
you know,
so that's probably bullshit.
Anyway,
so here's a guy who actually went to combat.
He said,
Bill,
you asking your podcast about the first time you're outside the wire,
which is military jargon for leaving protected base in Iraq or Afghanistan.
And this dude said I was absolutely terrified for the first couple of weeks.
But the trick is that you can't let anybody around you know that you're scared
because you don't want it.
You don't want to look like a pussy.
Uh,
the rules of engagement are strict.
We were ordered to not shoot back unless we could.
We could see who was shooting at us.
Is that true?
You couldn't shoot back unless you saw who was shooting back at you?
Dude,
uh,
I would break that rule if I wasn't on the ground crying in the fetal position.
Yeah.
Good man is I don't want to do this.
If I could actually get past that,
I would be definitely shooting in the general fucking direction of wherever it
was to do fuck that.
Fuck that.
This war is different from other wars and so far as we are fighting right in the
middle of where normal people lived and we tried hard not to kill any of them.
Um,
you know what,
I'm not a student of military history,
but I think most wars are kind of where people are at.
Okay.
Um,
I think back in the revolutionary days that you would go out and stand in a line
out in the field or even in the civil war.
But,
uh,
I know they had the front in World War One,
but at some point when you're kicking the other team's ass,
you end up in their backyard.
Cause a lot of them don't just give up like,
well you,
you beat us on our field.
We wouldn't want to go into this town and hide amongst the civilians.
You know,
am I wrong there?
I'm proud.
I don't know if I'm wrong.
How did I,
how does Dresden happen if,
if,
if
you know,
I don't know.
Okay.
Well I don't fucking know,
Dude.
I'm out of it.
Let's,
let's just get to the fucking questions for the week and uh,
I can,
I can gradually fucking bail out of this thing.
Um,
oh,
okay.
Overrated.
Underrated Bill.
People Bitch about the,
uh,
gas prices are a,
I guess overrated bill.
People Bitch about the greedy oil companies whenever they are a high gas prices
and also about how there are no alternative energy options for transportation.
What they don't seem to understand is that no sane entrepreneur,
entrepreneur is going to invest at diamond developing alternative energy until
gas gets to $10 a gallon and people are converting their vacuum cleaners into
segues to get to work.
We can either have one or the other.
Um,
dude,
um,
it's not quite as simplistic as that.
Yeah,
there definitely has to be some sort of outrage from the people.
But uh,
okay.
You know what,
rather than get into fucking details,
look up a guy stand mayor m e y e r at this guy actually came up with a car that
ran on water,
rain water,
fresh water,
salt water.
It didn't make a fucking difference and he basically figured out a way where you
could get across the country,
14 and a half gallons and the dumb fuck told people about it,
went to the news,
they announced it on,
uh,
we played it on the opiate Anthony show.
They talked about it on the news and then they said that there was somebody from
the Pentagon who was so excited.
They sent a lieutenant colonel out there to check out his device.
Basically what happens is when you come up with some shit like that is they go
out there and they,
they sort of tell you that it's very wise for you to buy,
to sell them the patent of it,
you know?
And then if you don't play ball,
you mysteriously die four or five years later and your invention disappears.
Stand mayor,
look it up.
That's what the fuck happens.
All right dude.
Um,
I've always used the iPod.
I used to do a bit about this shit.
You're telling me basically that I can have my entire fucking record collection,
you know,
8,000 fucking songs in my pocket,
but they can't come up with a car that can't do better with the gas mileage.
Dude.
It's all bullshit.
Would you basically have at the top as you have ra,
the robber baron,
blue blood blood families and uh,
some of the underworld guys who went legitimate and the government is middle
management for these motherfuckers and the guys at the top,
they run everything.
Banks are at the top and then the blue blood guys,
I think the corporations are the next level.
And then it's the politicians.
Okay.
And this is coming from a completely uninformed Jack Ass.
Fuck that.
I've read a couple of books,
but I think that that's what's going on.
That's what's going on.
And you know,
I don't know how you can invent shit nowadays and actually get it up to the
public.
You have to basically be working for a corporation that has the money to put it
out there.
So then basically they own it.
You know what I mean?
I guess you could kind of try and be the Tyler Perry of fucking inventing shit.
Um,
you know,
what,
can I just tap out of this fucking podcast?
I don't even know what the hell I'm talking about.
I'm fucking on the road.
I'm lonely.
I want to see my fucking dog.
I want to get back to my girl.
I'm going to get back to my fucking life and I want to do a good job today on
set.
So I don't fuck this thing up because I've had a great guy damn time.
And,
um,
I fly back
in a couple of days and a couple of fucking days and I'm really looking forward
to it.
Oh,
did I tell you guys?
I A,
I bought the hangover when I was drunk in the bar.
I bought the hangover of some fucking,
uh,
I dunno,
50 year old Asian woman came walking in,
you know,
it was great.
It was like fucking
portable,
a blockbuster video and I bought the hangover for five bucks.
Great bootleg copy.
Only a couple of times did somebody stand up and walk by?
Do you got,
you know,
that's the great thing about living in New York is all the bootleg movies that
she can fucking buy.
And it basically someone just goes into the movie theater with a video camera
and they just film the screen and it's great cause you can hear other people
laughing.
It's kind of like mystery science theater and then somebody can adjust their,
their seat in front and all of a sudden you see somebody's head and you're
trying to look around it,
you know,
or somebody just gets up in the middle and starts walking down the row.
And it's,
it's funny to me,
but,
uh,
I actually,
I saw it,
man.
I was all right.
It was,
it was fucking all right.
I guess five bucks.
Can you complaint?
Can you complain?
I wish I met this lady at the beginning of my fucking a trip out here.
I would've had,
I would've bought like 58 of them.
Yeah.
So next time you're in New York,
all right.
And that the cute little Asian lady comes walking and going,
am I really doing this?
Am I advocating the stealing of shit?
I think it's over.
Anyways,
people send me emails.
Hey,
I listen to all your running forms.
Uh,
I downloaded them for free.
Sorry.
They always got to tell you that they got your shit for free.
And then they say,
sorry.
You know what I mean?
I pay for my music.
She fucking cunts pay for my comedy.
All right,
whatever.
That's the end of this podcast.
Um,
I'm literally dizzy right now.
Uh,
the fucking my hyping.
All right,
next week I go back to my life as a standup comedian.
I'm going to be at the punchline in San Francisco,
uh,
on Monday,
July the 13th,
and I'm doing two shows and it's going to be just like the last time where I'm
going to try to do as little material from my act as humanly possible and I'm
just going to tell you some fucked up stories,
uh,
from my childhood,
from my dating life to uh,
to whatever,
you know.
Um,
and then the following week I'm going to be at the comedy works in Denver,
Colorado.
Um,
that's the 23rd,
24th and 25th.
And then I believe on gearing up to do another special.
So I'm going to be on the road pretty much right through August,
September,
October,
November and December.
I am pretty much going to be doing three out of four weeks on the road and um,
I'm going to be getting this fucking special together and hopefully I will be
shooting it in San Francisco.
That is,
that is the goal to shoot it in San Francisco and uh,
to have a very funny,
memorable,
special.
That's what the fuck I want to do.
And the stress of it is already starting to hit me because,
uh,
I dunno,
you know,
you don't want it to suck.
You don't want it to suck.
The reality is,
is I wish I had another fucking six months just because I'm lazy,
but I know,
if at all,
it's bullshit.
All right?
I'm just,
I'm just really,
I'm babbling.
I need nourishment.
I need to stop drinking and I need to go downstairs,
under the treadmill and somehow get some of this fucking booze weight out of my
Goddamn Chin.
All right?
That's it.
That's the Monday morning podcast.
Um,
I,
if I had to critique this podcast,
I would say would,
it was like when evil Knievel tried to jump the snake river and that rocket,
you know,
where it started off fast and you thought I was going to fuck him.
That's what the I did.
You know what happened to this podcast?
To fucking parachute came out halfway through it and then I just slowly went
down towards the snake river and actually have a bloody nose right now.
Just like evil Knievel.
All right,
I'm going to go get some eggs.
Uh,
God bless Ya.
Hope to see you in a,
if you live anywhere near San Francisco,
hope to see you out at my gig and,
uh,
please keep the questions coming next week.
I'm going to give you a great podcast because a,
um,
I'll be back in my home life and I'll be eating right and I won't be drinking
and a brace yourself.
Douchebag from England.
I'm probably going to be talking about how excited I am to see my fucking dog.
All right.
That's it.
[inaudible]
[inaudible].